# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
accelerate==1.8.1
    # via
    #   peft
    #   trl
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bitsandbytes==0.46.0
    # via unsloth
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
clickhouse-connect==0.8.17
    # via -r requirements.in
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
datasets==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trl
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via tyro
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via tyro
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
hf-transfer==0.1.9
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   typeguard
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
lz4==4.4.4
    # via clickhouse-connect
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
minijinja==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
notebook==7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   transformers
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
    #   xformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   peft
    #   transformers
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
peft==0.15.2
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   peft
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via tyro
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   triton
shtab==1.7.2
    # via tyro
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   peft
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
    #   xformers
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.52.4
    # via
    #   peft
    #   trl
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
triton==3.3.0
    # via
    #   torch
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
trl==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via tyro
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   python-json-logger
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
    #   tyro
tyro==0.9.24
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
unsloth==2024.11.10
    # via -r requirements.in
unsloth-zoo==2024.11.5
    # via unsloth
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   unsloth
    #   unsloth-zoo
xformers==0.0.30
    # via unsloth
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via clickhouse-connect
